I lend you, why do you let me go north?
Why?
Just because you lost, I'll lend you
I can't accept you Li Yuyang
Let's open the introduction
I can't afford it.
Easy, there is no me Li Yuyang in this world
Unaffordable consequences
roll
Boy, wait for me
Will let you marry a mother
Stable at any time
Thank you. Thank you.
Little brat
You're a big deal
Dad?
Mom son
Who hurt you like this?
Dad is a bitch named Li Yuyang
Still screaming
You must tear this corpse apart for me
Not one of their families will be spared.
Ok ok
Fortunately, Dad passed by here for something and stopped by to have a look.
Otherwise, you will suffer a big loss in vain.
You two
How to be human
You ordered me to notify Captain Liu ASAP.
Ask him to check this Li Yuyang's family for me
It's time to hurt my son
Let his whole family
pay the price
It's the Governor